[Genzo] Now it's time for
the semifinals...
If the team loses now,
we won't be able to
participate in the finals.
Every match is
going to be decisive.
No school will be
easy to beat.
Besides,
our possible opponents
are all teams with
strong players.
[Tsubasa] Genzo,
it's so nice to see you.
[Genzo]
Hey, Tsubasa...
Thank you for keeping
your promise.
You managed to get through
the qualifying stage.
I'm very proud of you all.
You did a great job,
everybody.
-Thank you!
[Tsubasa]
Genzo, tell us already...
How is your injury?
Well, I practically
can't even feel it.
But I'm afraid I'll only
be able to play
one match with all of you.
You'll only play once?
[Genzo] Yeah...
And of course,
I want the match I get
to play with you to--
Be the finals match, right?
I believe in all of you.
I'm confident you can take
the team to the finals.
Mhm.
I'll take care of it.
I promised to and I will.
We'll be playing...
to win the whole tournament.
-That's right!
So you just concentrate
on recovering
and then come over.
Yeah... I'll do that.
Hey, kid, you really
plan on going over there?
I'll go.
[narr]
Episode 18:
Let's go!
The Decisive Tournament.
The first day of
the semifinals started
and the strongest teams
will go head to head
to get to the finals.
From Hokkaido,
we have Hikaru Matsuyama,
captain of Team Furano,
who won their first
tournament match 4-nil.
From Tokyo, Team Musashi
won with ease
thanks to the direction
and strategic prowess
of their captain
Jun Misugi.
From Saitama,
Team Meiwa
with Kojiro Hyuga,
won easily.
Kojiro scored three goals,
making the final score
10-nil.
[grunt]
[narr] It's clear that
Kogiro is set on
surpassing Tsubasa
as the best scorer
in the tournament thus far,
demonstrating his strength
and dominance on the pitch
since their last encounter.
And now for
a decisive match...
Nankatsu goes up against
a strong opponent:
Team Naniwa.
It's lead by
its goalkeeper Nakanishi.
Come on, Son,
you can do it.
[pants]
[grunt]
No, how can this be?
[ann] Incredible,
Tsubasa's powerful shot
couldn't even scratch
the goalkeeper.
[chuckles]
[ann] Since
the tournament has started,
the goalkeeper Nakanishi
hasn't let anyone
score a single goal.
He's positioned himself
the best goalkeeper so far.
What he just said is true?
Yeah, Team Naniwa
is very strong.
They have five wins
and no loses.
It's very impressive.
Their defense has been
totally invincible so far.
It's all thanks to that
juggernaut of a captain.
That isn't fair!
-Uhh...
Oh, sorry there.
It's just that...
this is where your luck
runs out, Nankatsu.
You won't score
a single goal on me.
Huh?
Listen carefully...
This year,
I'm going to show everyone
that I'm a better goalkeeper
than Genzo.
What?!
Out my way!
Let's do this!
-Go!
-[gasp]
[ann]
Nakanishi clears the ball
with an incredible strength
and the ball is still
in the air.
-That's impossible.
-[gasp]
[ann]
This is incredible.
The ball is flying directly
into Nankatsu's goal.
No!
[ann] The strong clear
from Nakanishi
took the Nankatsu's
defense by surprise.
Nice, this is
our opportunity.
[yell]
[ann]
Goal!
Tetsuya Marui,
the team's number 11
scores with a header.
[laughs]
[ann]
Now, Team Naniwa
is winning the match
1-nothing.
Without a doubt,
Nakanishi's strength
is simply extraordinary.
- That kind of kick
-[chuckle]
- normally could only be
-Awesome, Naniwa!
- done by an adult.
-Let's go for
the second goal.
Huh? This isn't over yet,
you jerks!
Listen up, guys, let's show
them who's the boss.
-Yeah!
[narr]
However...
Take this!
[grunt]
[gasp]
[narr]
Nobody knew how skilled
Team Naniwa's goalkeeper
and captain was.
He's incredible.
This is easy.
Just give up, Nankatsu.
Here it goes!
Thanks, Captain.
Let's go for
the second goal.
[ann] Oh! This time,
the pass is intercepted
by Misaki,
Nankatsu's number 11.
Taro's been recognized as
one of the best players
in the tournament.
-That's how it's done, Taro.
-[laughs]
Misaki!
[ann] Taro Misaki
dribbles the ball...
He's headed towards
the opponent team's goal.
[Taro] All of our shots have
gone to the middle...
and we haven't
gotten to score.
If I take into account
his size,
he won't be able to stop
a shot that's angled.
[ann] Taro Misaki shoots
to one of the corners.
[grunt]
[ann]
But the shot is stopped
by the goalie, Nakanishi.
[gasps]
[ann]
Despite his big size,
Nakanishi is showing
to have the same agility as
Nankatsu's main goalie,
Genzo Wakabayashi.
This is shocking.
I already told you,
I won't let anybody
score on me.
I'm a way better goalkeeper
than Genzo ever was.
This guy is a monster.
Who do you think you are?
You're just
a big arrogant dummy.
What do we do now?
Don't you worry, guys.
-Huh?
I'll admit it, he's good,
but he'll never be better
than our goalkeeper, guys.
-Yeah,
-you're right about that.
I won't let him...
I won't let him run
his mouth about Genzo
without a fight.
I'll score on him,
that will show him.
-[grunt]
[ann] The goalkeeper
Nakanishi throws a pass
to his team,
and Team Naniwa continues
with the same strategy.
Darn it, we've gotta
stop them right now.
Takayanagi, pass it
to your left now.
Yeah.
-[grunt]
-Huh?
Shirai, pass it
to your left as well.
Yeah.
[grunt]
-[ann] How impressive!
-Huh?
Team Naniwa's captain
is giving out instructions
to his team,
and Nankatsu
can't do anything
to get the ball back.
What an impressive
display of passing ability.
Listen up, I want you guys
to attack right now.
[ann] The ball goes
straight to Ogami.
[grunt]
[ann] Oh, but the center
forward Tsubasa,
approaches at as fast
as he can to cover him.
[gasp]
Ogami, pass it
to your left now!
Uh... Yes!
Come on, Ryo, to your left!
It's mine.
[ann] Ryo Ishizaki
gets to intercept the pass.
Captain Tsubasa puts
a stop to Naniwa's plans.
-What's this?
-Great job, Ryo!
[grunt]
All yours, Teppei!
Ryo, great pass!
Really?
It's the first time
I ever make such
a beautiful pass.
Maeda, defend
the right wing, quickly.
Yes, Captain!
Sorry, but I don't have
the ball anymore.
This can't happen.
[grunt]
We can do this.
Let's score a goal
on Nakanishi.
Let's score a goal.
Let's show them
there's no better
goalkeeper than Genzo.
We have to defend
our captain's reputation.
We have to shut him up
for good.
Let's help out Tsubasa.
Listen, guys,
everybody come back.
Box them in. Don't let them
go through you.
-Yeah!
[ann] Once again,
we see Naniwa
displaying
a defensive formation.
-[Mamoru] Tsubasa!
-Huh?
I'm all alone.
[ann]
Tsubasa passes the ball
to his open teammate
and moves rapidly
- towards the danger zone.
-All yours!
[ann]
An excellent tactic.
Mamoru sends the shot
to Tsubasa,
who's now free
to receive the ball.
[Shiroyama]
Before, they were rivals,
but now, they're a team.
The most impressive part
is how in sync they are.
They have teamwork.
Team Nankatsu
has matured a lot.
[ann] Tsubasa goes
head to head with Nakanishi.
What're you waiting for?
[ann]
Oh, it looks like
Tsubasa will attempt
to shoot
from outside
the goalkeeper's box.
Will his shot be enough
to triumph over Nakanishi?
[Tsubasa] There's no better
goalkeeper than Genzo.
I'll show you that
with this shot!
[grunt]
Pathetic.
That shot's too slow.
[grunt]
I got it!
[ann] And Naniwa's
goalkeeper stops the ball
- without a problem.
-[grunt]
- Wait a minute guys.
-[scream]
Goal!
The ball touches the net!
Yes, that's it!
[ann] The goalkeeper
couldn't stop
the strength of the shot
and Nankatsu ties
the scoreboard.
Well done! That's how
you do it, Tsubasa!
[Mr. Mikami] His kick was
outside the box.
-See that?
-Huh?
When that kid
challenged you, Genzo,
he was able to score
two goals on you.
But they were both
from inside
the goalkeeper's area.
You mean--
[Mr. Mikami] I think Tsubasa
wanted to let him know
that there's no better
goalkeeper than you, Genzo.
And with that goal,
he can no longer contest
your achievement
of zero goals
from last year.
[growl]
Tsubasa...
You did it for me!
[cheering]
Yeah, Tsubasa.
You're the best ever!
[ann] Nankatsu manages
to tie the match
against Naniwa, 1-1.
The match has taken
a surprising turn.
Taro Misaki takes
control of the ball.
Meanwhile,
the rest of the players
run towards
the opponent's penalty area.
The ball is now under
Tsubasa's feet!
I'll show you!
I won't let you score
another goal on me.
I'll stop you with
everything I've got.
[yell]
Impossible.
[ann] Tsubasa passes it
to Teppei Kisugi.
He gets in position
and...
Goal!
The match is 2-1
in Nankatsu's favor.
Yeah!
I got to score!
-Uh...
-[whistle]
[ann] It's the end
of the first half.
And Team Nankatsu
is beating Team Naniwa
by one goal difference.
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room.
Well done, guys. You did
a great job out there.
-Thank you!
Everyone, we don't need to
fear their goalie, got it?
He's not a threat
to us anymore.
Nakanishi wasn't able to
stop those two shots.
That's hard to believe.
I knew it....
I've never felt
so embarrassed in my life.
[sobs]
Nakanishi isn't
the only one to blame
for all this.
Compared to
our last encounter...
Nankatsu has gotten stronger
at an impressive rate.
[narr]
And in the second half,
Team Nankatsu
kept attacking.
[Roberto] Since
the tournament started,
the team's overall level
has improved.
With Tsubasa as
their captain,
everyone is more involved,
making their teamwork
better.
[hawk screech]
[Roberto]
You've grown a lot, Tsubasa.
[gasp]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
scores a fourth goal.
It looks like goalkeeper
Nakanishi
has lost concentration
and he's unable to stop
the attack.
Tsubasa...
It pains me to admit it,
but we can't win anymore.
You humiliated me today...
You ridiculed me
in front of everyone.
Now, I'll make sure
to return the favor!
[ann]
Tsubasa Ozora is headed
straight for
Naniwa's goal.
[yell]
[ann] Nankatsu's number 10
prepares to take the shot.
Prepare yourself because
you won't be able to use
your right leg ever again.
[yell]
[ann] Tsubasa manages
to dodge
- the devastating blow
-[gasp]
- from the goalie.
-[yell]
[yell]
[ann] And he closes out
the match
with a spectacular volley
in mid-air,
leaving the scoreboard
5 to 1.
-Nice, Tsubasa!
-What a goal!
[cheering]
[Tsubasa]
Nakanishi...
If you set your heart
on defending
just like you did right now,
I'm sure you would've
stopped my shots.
Uh...
You played well.
I admit my defeat,
just this once.
-[whistle]
-[cheering]
[ann]
The referee whistles
to mark the end
of the match,
leaving Nankatsu in the top
four of the tournament.
All together!
-Hurray!
-Great job, Nankatsu.
-Congratulations, Nankatsu!
-You guys played amazingly!
Congratulations!
-I'm proud of you, baby!
-[ann] There's no doubt that
Team Nankatsu is getting
better with every match.
They're one of the favorites
in this tournament.
Tsubasa is
an excellent captain.
His presence creates
a perfect equilibrium
within his team's members.
Oh!
Being that the case...
When we face each other,
I'll have to be on
the pitch the whole time
or we won't stand a chance.
But Captain, why are--
[narr] We'll be back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
During the second day
of the tournament,
the eight remaining teams
faced each other
until there were only four.
First, it was Meiwa,
and then Furano.
They won thanks to the hard
work of their captain.
Nankatsu managed
to beat Shinjyo
in their last match,
and now, they're also
one of the remaining four
headed for the finals.
Guys, you did well.
Now, here's what's next.
We'll wait for the result
of the Musashi
and Hitachi match.
The winner will be
our opponent.
True, but it's obvious
who'll win the match.
Musashi is sure to win,
right, Coach?
Yeah.
Team Musashi is one of
the strongest teams
in the Kanto region.
Thousands of young players
tryout to be members
of the team.
It's well known and said
that their team
represents the elite.
Their captain is Jun Misugi.
He's a true prodigy
on the field.
His style of play
is very clean.
He avoids physical contact
in every match he plays.
Hey, guys,
that's why they call him
"Prince of the Pitch."
Interesting.
You know what?
-Huh?
-I've never seen Misugi
play a match
the whole way through.
Think he's injured
or something?
Don't know.
I'm not sure why either.
But it's true.
Jun Misugi never plays
a whole match until the end.
It's weird.
I bet it's because
all the girls say,
"Oh, Jun,
you're so handsome
-"and mysterious.
-Huh?
"I love you!"
He gets harassed by
his lunatic fans.
If you ask me, I think he's
way too overrated.
Either way, it's a very
important match for them.
And now, due to the high
stake of the match...
the most probable
outcome will be
for him to play in
today's match.
I don't care
if he's there or not.
It doesn't matter.
We're gonna defeat them.
We have to.
Let's do it for Genzo!
-Yeah!
-Oh my God, there he is!
-He's so handsome!
Good morning. Your match
is about to start.
Mr. Misugi,
do you have any comments?
I'm very excited to play.
If you win this match,
your next opponent
in the tournament
will be Team Nankatsu.
-What's your take on that?
-They're a very strong team.
Especially their number 10.
Personally,
I want the chance to go
head to head with him.
Huh?
[reporter 2]
And, we'll be able to
see you play
during this match?
Girls, it looks like
our Misugi
will only play against
Nankatsu.
But if his team
has a tough time,
he'll have to play, right?
Let's hope Team Hitachi
gives them a hard time,
so we can see him play,
right?
-You got this, you got this!
-Hi-ta-chi!
-We know that you can do it!
-[laughs]
-Ugh!
That Jun Misugi
is a conceited snob.
He always has all of
the girls' attention.
Let's show him who
the better team is.
What'd you want to
talk about, Misugi?
-You okay?
-Coach, listen...
Please understand,
this tournament
is important to me.
I'm begging you
to let me play.
Hmm...
I'm fully aware that
at this rate,
I might not get to
play anymore.
You're willing to
give up everything
to play that kid Tsubasa,
huh?
Yes.
Believe me, I get what
you're feeling, Jun.
But I can't risk your health
because of a whim.
You'll stay on the bench
for today, son.
-We'll talk after the match.
-Hm...
I understand, Coach.
Huh?
That's our manager.
Woah, just look
how many people there are.
That's impressive.
Yes, and that's because
the famous Team Musashi
will be playing.
Tsubasa.
-Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Hi, Yayoi.
Can I talk alone with you,
please?
[Sanae]
Aww!
The road trips by bus
give me a backache.
Ugh!
[scream]
[gasp]
[Sanae]
Tsubasa...
and that girl again?
Why are they both here
all alone?
-Tsubasa...
-Oh...
She's so shameless.
Why's she touching him?
I've never gotten that far
with him. I'm livid!
Tsubasa, I'm asking you...
Please, can you let
our captain win?
He suffers from a serious
heart condition.
He won't play soccer
ever again.
Huh?
[gasp]
He won't play soccer...
again?
The captain says
he wants to
win the finals, but...
the doctor said that
any injury could be fatal.
So that's why he doesn't
play a whole match?
The only ones
who know are...
the team's coach and me.
[gasps]
I'm begging you.
This is the last tournament
in which the captain
will be able to participate.
Please, Tsubasa,
at least let him retire
winning the tournament.
I'm sorry, but I can't.
Please do it, Tsubasa.
My dream is also to win
the national tournament.
If I do that, I'll be able
to go to Brazil with Roberto
to be a professional.
[gasps]
[Yayoi]
You're going to Brazil?
Exactly.
It's the country of soccer.
If I go,
I'll be able to become
a professional player.
I'm sorry,
but I won't lose to him.
I won't quit my dream
for anyone.
Look, I'm sure he also
wants things to be fair,
okay?
Playing with our all.
Playing with your all?
[ann]
Goal!
Team Hitachi turns
the tide around
and now,
they're winning 2 to 1.
Yeah!
This match is ours!
Coach, please put me in.
-[gasp]
-Are you serious?
You sure?
If I don't go in now,
we won't be able to
play against Nankatsu.
I'm begging you.
Okay, go in, Jun.
But if I notice anything
bothering you,
I'll bench you.
You got that?
Thank you very much, sir.
[ann] Attention, Musashi
puts in a new player.
Replacing Yamamoto,
comes in
the Prince of the Pitch,
Jun Misugi,
into the match.
-Hi, my prince!
-I love you.
I love you.
-Captain.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
Woah, are you seeing that?
Looks like Misugi
is about to play.
[Tsubasa]
Jun Misugi.
-Hey, Jun!
-Huh?
You guys can do it!
-[chuckle]
-[whistle]
[grunt]
-Ah!
[ann]
Now Misugi has the ball.
Given the precarious
situation of his team,
the Prince of the Pitch,
Misugi,
has decided to come
into the match
to try and change
the score
to his team's favor.
You're the prince
of nothing to me.
I don't care who you are.
Let's go get the ball
from him.
Don't go thinking you're
better than any of us.
[chuckle]
[ann] What a way
to dribble.
Jun Misugi is moving so fast
he makes the other players
look like statues.
That is true elegance.
-I love you my prince.
-[screaming]
[grunt]
[ann]
Goal!
Misugi strikes
with precision
and manages to
tie the match.
-Incredible.
-[ann] I'm sure he won't
lose any time
scoring one more goal.
[Tsubasa] We're witnessing
the true power
of Team Musashi.
[ann] And now,
all of Team Musashi
is switching to offense
and Misugi has control
of the ball.
Akira!
Pass it to Minoru there.
Yeah!
Now a crossover pass
to Shinji.
Here!
[ann] And Team Musashi
follows the instructions
from their captain
word by word.
There is no doubt
that Misugi
is the heart of the team.
Ah...
Shinji, to your left.
Yeah!
It's yours, Captain.
[ann]
Misugi has the ball,
- he gets in position and...
-[grunt]
-[ann] Goal!
Team Musashi turns the tide
of battle against Hitachi
at the ten minute mark
of the second half.
Without a doubt, Misugi's
magnificent performance
was what they needed to
turn the match all around.
[Tsubasa]
Incredible.
Misugi, you are really
an incredible player.
[whistle]
[ann] And the match
is finally over.
Misugi, I love you!
[ann] The match ends with
a spectacular 6-2 score.
And now, thanks to
an amazing intervention
by Prince Misugi,
Team Musashi
will go against
Team Nankatsu tomorrow.
[Jun] Tsubasa, you and me
will finally face off.
[Tsubasa]
Jun Misugi.
[Jun]
Tell me something...
You talked with Tsubasa
before the match,
didn't you?
Uh... Yeah.
I hope that you...
didn't tell him
about my condition.
I wouldn't want him to know.
No, how could I?
Tsubasa was
talking to me about
something else entirely.
He told me that if he was
to win the tournament,
he'd go to Brazil
with his coach.
He wants to go to Brazil?
Mhm.
He told me...
that he wanted
to go to Brazil
to become a professional
soccer player.
That is great.
Because that's a dream only
Tsubasa could make happen.
[Jun]
Since he was very young,
he's never taken his eyes
off the ball.
His talent and charisma
on the field
make him a true prodigy
of the game.
And most importantly,
Tsubasa...
seriously loves soccer.
I'm pretty sure that...
Tsubasa will represent
our nation
on a worldwide level
someday.
Thank you so much
for sharing.
-Mhm.
-What you said
made me very happy.
Now, more than ever,
I wish to go against him
with everything I've got.
Especially now, since...
tomorrow will be
my last match.
[gasp]
I have my heart set on
playing with my all.
Otherwise,
I'd be disrespecting
Tsubasa.
I'm sure that
we can win this.
If we beat Nankatsu,
even if I don't play
in the finals...
I'll feel very satisfied.
Oh...
I'll put my heart and soul
into the match.
Even if it means...
never playing again.
Nankatsu or Musashi.
Either one of the two
would be a problem
in the final match.
And tomorrow,
we'll go up against Furano.
Hmm...
[chuckles]
Looks like I won't have to
worry about that anymore.
[Mr. Kira] Meiwa's very own
secret weapon...
is almost here.
[laughs]